Added uninstall script documentation (#343)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-cli: docs/uninstall.md

# Uninstalling AzureAuth

> We provide an uninstall script you can use to Uninstall AzureAuth. The script removes the default AzureAuth reference in the PATH and it will deletes the AzureAuth installation folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The uninstall script can be used to uninstall AzureAuth. The script removes the default AzureAuth reference in the PATH and deletes the AzureAuth installation folder.

```

> The script currently doesn't support uninstalling from custom locations. This is to avoid removing any potential files that are not safe to delete. If there are any potential installations in custom locations found in the PATH (installed through the `$AZUREAUTH_INSTALL_DIRECTORY` environment variable), a warning will be prompted showing its location. Installations in custom locations that are not listed in the PATH cannot be found and uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script currently doesn't support uninstalling from custom locations. This is to avoid removing any potential files that are not safe to delete. If there are any potential installations in custom locations found in the PATH (installed through the `$AZUREAUTH_INSTALL_DIRECTORY` environment variable), a warning will be printed showing its location. Installations in custom locations that are not listed in the PATH cannot be found and uninstalled.
```

## Usage

Run the following in PowerShell:

> ```

Reviewer 2: you could try using ```powershell which will color code and format the below snippet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```powershell

```

Author: Changed

$script = "${env:TEMP}\uninstall.ps1"
$url = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-cli/main/install/uninstall.ps1"
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
Invoke-WebRequest $url -OutFile $script; if ($?) { &$script }; if ($?) { rm $script }

> ```

Reviewer: Will this be added to AzureAuth `ReadMe` doc?

Reviewer: In fact we should add it here - https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-cli/#installation

Author: I'd like to hear your opinion on that. I was thinking maybe the docs folder is enough

Reviewer 2: IMO, the doc here is good and just a reference to this doc from `README` would be good too and that's what Shalini is suggesting, I think.

Reviewer: Yes, what @mvanchaa said. I _think_ a reference is needed to ReadMe for discoverability.

Reviewer 3: Personally, I dunno if I think it's necessary on the `README`. Usually people go to the `README` as a sort of "quickstart" guide. We could _link_ to the uninstall docs I guess, but I think I like having this as a separate topic in the `docs/` directory.

Reviewer: Sorry for the confusion I may have caused! I did mean we keep it under `docs`. I am suggesting adding this as a reference to `README` as a one stop for discoverability.

Reviewer 3: Nothing to be sorry about here. A reference to `README` or a reference in the `README` to `docs/uninstall.md`?

Reviewer: The latter.

Author: Something like this in the Windows Install section?

`Uninstalling can be done with the uninstallation script. [Read more](docs/uninstall.md)`

Reviewer: Yep, perfect!

Author: @shalinikhare27 @mvanchaa @reillysiemens I added it as another Note in the ReadMe. Let me know if it looks good to you :)

## Note

> * The script doesn't work for versions previous to AzureAuth 0.4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The script doesn't work for versions previous to AzureAuth 0.4.0.
```

> * The script doesn't work for versions previous to AzureAuth 0.4.0

Reviewer 3: Is this true? It deletes the whole default installation path.

Author: I just checked and it does work. A while ago I thought it wasn't going to work, I don't remember why tho. But I checked and it does get rid of the folder and the PATH reference.

Author: Removed the Note section, it's not true. It can remove those versions of AzureAuth

> * The script won't work as intended if you try to uninstall right after installing because PATH changes from the installation won't take effect until after restarting PowerShell.

Reviewer 3: Is this true? If we uninstall immediately after installing I think we've touched the registry twice and just haven't updated the current terminal/console window (or potentially other processes). What's the actual end result of running uninstall immediately after install? 🤔

Author: I just tested this, and it does work. I though we encountered an issue with this in the bug bashing session, when Manuha had to reset her terminal. Maybe I am remembering wrong? Since both things work, I think these Note section. Thank you for pointing this out.

Author: Thank you @mvanchaa! I will remove the Note section then.
